As of finals week, no group members have expressed interest in continuing maintenance on the project. The project in it's current state is mostly a tech demo. While it could be brought to a workable state, it can not be deployed as-is. It would be feasible for a maintainer to finalize all the desired features of the project and bring it into a fully complete state. Since the project was made for Clarkson's hockey team, we belive that it would be possible for OIT to deploy the project with some effort, if that is something they would be willing to host on their infrastructure. If OIT is not willing to host the server, then we would reccomend the hockey team find an experienced sysadmin to maintain the deployment. 

Going forward, it would make sense for the project to have a team of 1-3 semi-dedicated maintainers. The backend maintainer would need to have knowledge of python and the Django framework. The backend is designed in a way that it could realisticly be understood and maintained in it's entirety by one person. The frontend maintainer would need to have knowledge of the Vue.js framework, as well as general frontend development concepts. The frontend could also likely be understood and maintained by a single person. Finaly, we would recomend a systems administrator with knowledge of server maintenance, network security, and docker. The systems adminstrator role would require the widest breatdh of knowledge, and would likely need to be someone with substantial experience in the field. Realisticaly, all three maintenance roles could be held by a single person.